[MUSIC PLAYING]
Go ahead and play anything.
[INAUDIBLE]
Will you want to
keep it [INAUDIBLE]
or switch into something else?
Go ahead, and play
[? anything ?] [? all you ?]
[? want to-- ?] every
man for their self.
You play one thing.
I'll play something else.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Good boy, good boy.
Now, how about "My Little Jake?"
Any of you can play "My
Little Jake" for me now?
[INAUDIBLE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[? Can you ?]
[? remember ?] [? it? ?]
[INAUDIBLE]
Huh?
I don't know the name of it.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[? No, ?] [? no, ?] [? no. ?]
[? Faster. ?]
"The Tempest."
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Very nice, very nice, very nice.
Go [? ahead, ?] [? do ?] a
couple more in that range.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
--that we don't
know [INAUDIBLE]..
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Very good.
What did you call [? that ?]
[? track? ?] Did you have
a name for it?
[INAUDIBLE] no [INAUDIBLE].
[? No. ?]
Though I should have a
name for it [INAUDIBLE]..
[? Well, ?] [INAUDIBLE].
[MUSIC PLAYING]
That's very nice.
[INAUDIBLE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
"Queen of May."
Good boy, good boy.
Very good, very good.
What's next on the menu?
[? Well, ?] [? any of those ?]
[? stanzas ?] you might
[INAUDIBLE].
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Don't worry about
the microphone.
Just play it.
Never mind the [? mic-- ?]
forgot about the microphone.
Don't worry about
the microphone.
Just play [? it ?] [INAUDIBLE].
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Good boy.
What's the name of that?
That's it.
[INAUDIBLE]
[? "Willie Sleaze." ?]
That's very [? nice. ?]
[? "Willie Sleaze" ?]
[? is on ?] [? his ?]
[INAUDIBLE].
Did you say that [? in ?]
[? the ?] [INAUDIBLE]??
Yeah, I did.
Yeah, [? right ?] [? from ?]
[? here, ?] That's all
in there.
What you said, and what I
said, and what he said--
it's all in there.
[INAUDIBLE]
[INAUDIBLE] for his
wife and [INAUDIBLE]
daughter [INAUDIBLE].
Yes, [INAUDIBLE].
"The Tempest" he played
already, and then
[? "The Rocks of Doan." ?]
And [INAUDIBLE] is the
last one [? I guess. ?]
Yes.
[? Was ?] it
[? Doan is ?] [? reel? ?]
Probably.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[INAUDIBLE]
Now, which one is that?
That's the [? Doan. ?]
That's the
[? "Rocks of Doan?" ?]
Yeah, [INAUDIBLE].
[INAUDIBLE]
Yeah, that [INAUDIBLE]
[? place ?] [INAUDIBLE]..
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I heard [? Billy ?]
[? Murphy ?] play [INAUDIBLE]..
Yeah.
It's not the easiest
one in the world
to learn or even to memorize.
[INAUDIBLE]
It's tricky.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
[INAUDIBLE]
It's a pretty one though.
The other one that
he plays on there
is the one [INAUDIBLE]
[? talking ?] [INAUDIBLE]..
That's all right.
The other one he plays on
there is the Doan [INAUDIBLE]
and Doan [INAUDIBLE]..
[? The other one ?] I think he
calls it--
[INAUDIBLE]?
[INAUDIBLE]
Yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
Just forget about it.
Just make believe
it's not there.
[LAUGHTER]
Make believe it ain't there.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[INAUDIBLE]
[LAUGHTER]
[? You shouldn't have ?]
[INAUDIBLE]..
[INAUDIBLE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Nice work, boy.
Nice work.
[INAUDIBLE] pretty.
That's very pretty.
[INAUDIBLE] [? healthy. ?]
[? Oh, nothing. ?]
I beg your pardon?
[INAUDIBLE] [? for ?]
[? nothing. ?]
It'll come to you.
[INAUDIBLE]
Sometimes [INAUDIBLE].
I started off to tell you--
Yeah, you were telling--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
The father is so wrapped up in
the bowling and the different
things out there [INAUDIBLE]..
[? But ?] Wednesday night,
[? of ?] all the other
nights, that's bowling night.
And he doesn't want anything
to interfere with that.
So the kid said to the
mother, she said, mommy,
don't you ever die
on Wednesday night,
or [? he ?] [? won't ?]
[INAUDIBLE],,
he won't take time off
to go to your [? wake. ?]
[LAUGHTER]
[INAUDIBLE]
That was cute.
[INAUDIBLE] [? the ?]
[? funeral. ?]
Yes, indeed, [? siree. ?]
Yes, [INAUDIBLE] she
got some more [INAUDIBLE]
No, these are not--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
--that we don't [? know? ?]
Yeah.
Some fancy one
that we don't know?
[INAUDIBLE] like to [INAUDIBLE]
what I thought of [? my ?]
[INAUDIBLE].
[? I ?] [? believe ?] [? it's ?]
[? 3, ?] [? number ?] [? 3. ?]
For some reason, [INAUDIBLE].
[? Well, ?] we get [? the ?]
thing going and we--
[INAUDIBLE]
--play number [? 1 ?] and
[? 3. ?] [? You can ?]
[? play the one ?]
after the other, right?
Sure, sure,
[? sure, ?] [? sure. ?]
You got any more [? reels, ?] I
don't [? know, ?] that you want
to put on here for me?
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
[INAUDIBLE]
I know, I know
that's the way it is.
OK, well, [INAUDIBLE].